# Week 1    Intro & Ch 1-3

* What identifiable IT outcomes are desired by Parts Unlimited?

    The desired IT outcomes for the company, as described in chapter 1 and as said by Steve Masters is to, “…regain profitability. To do that, [Parts Unlimited] need to increase […] market share and average order sizes”. As Masters explains, the Phoenix Project is the means to catch up to competitor’s product by offering customers the means to buy from Parts Unlimited via the internet or in a storefront. In short and well expressed conversation by Masters, the goal is to keep the toilets running correctly and not backup and overflow into the building – the IT system needs to be reliable and available and disruptions to be limited to focus on the core task (Phoenix Project completion). 


* What parts of the IT lifecycle are mentioned? 
Some parts of the IT lifecycle that are mentioned include: what is referred to as the Change Management Process (a process which seems straight forward in that there is a logical step process in which changes are conceived, implemented, and tested before full distribution), Completed with some form of Planning (determining when, where, and how a new system should be deployed and the purpose of this deployment), Followed by Discovery/Deployment (In the instance of Bill Palmer confirming with Ann, the Operations Manager, that salaried figures are correct while hourly figures are not and follows this thought by asking if this has happened previously. This leads to the conclusion that a timeline of occurrences needs to be established allowing for a trace of the issue – deployment was done without discovery), And finally, Testing (to test implementations and rollout of the installation as it relates to other connected systems). 


* Who are the consumers, sponsors, and customers at Parts Unlimited? 
  The consumers are departments in Parts unlimited (The two important mentions being IT and Security).

  The sponsors are senior level management including but not limited to, Bill Palmer (narrator), Steve Masters (CEO), and Ann (Operations Manager). 

  The customers are the general public (persons who purchase the parts). 
